# LetsGo
BE Final Year Project

Let’s Go is based on transport system based on shared use of private vehicle for the people. It can be used in schools, colleges, companies or any organization. Main idea for this application is people can share vehicle whenever and wherever they want. Our motto is to reduce the use of number of vehicles in the city. Most of the use of vehicles is done by college students and employees. On the consequences there is increase in traffic and use of fuel. So, we can make it happen that if more people will share their vehicles for same destination it will surely reduce these problems. For example, there are plethora of students in engineering college. There will be many streams also. It might not be possible that every student has contact with all the student of the college. If they want to share vehicle they will search according to their nearby destination and can contact with that particular student. Moreover, it can be possible that some students might not have vehicle. So, they will search in the database of their college and find that which student are coming from their nearby destination and can contact with them to have ride with them. Fair amount will be count according to the distance of the destination. There will be option whenever they want to share vehicles. To have positive impact for this purpose colleges and universities also motivate students to share vehicles among them so that there will be significantly reduce in numbers of use of vehicles.
